README.md, before:

# Good Readme Generator

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)

This is a node package that makes use of inquirer to generate a command line utility that generates quality readme.md files for any project. 

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)

* [Usage](#usage)

* [License](#license)

* [Contributing Guidelines](#contributing)

* [Testing Instructions](#tests)

* [Questions](#questions)

* [License](#license)




## Installation Instructions <a name="installation"></a>


Clone the github repository and use npm install package.json to install the necessary dependencies

## Usage Information <a name="usage"></a>


This project is free and open to use and modify for anyone that requires it

A video guide that explains the installation and usage can is provided below:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/DhZHQYmI3Dk" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


## Constribution Guidelines <a name="contributing"></a>


Before contributing to this project, please contact me

## Testing Instructions <a name="tests"></a>


There are no testing protocols developed for this project yet
## Questions <a name="questions"></a>


My Github profile can be found [here](https://github.com/smg061). 


You can reach me at: max.go.95@gmail.com
## License <a name="license"></a>


 Copyright (C) 2020  smg061

        This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
        it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
        by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
        (at your option) any later version.
    
        This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
        but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
        MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
        GNU Affero General Public License for more details.
    
        You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
        along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

added walkthrough video with preview image

README.md, after:

# Good Readme Generator

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)

This is a node package that makes use of inquirer to generate a command line utility that generates quality readme.md files for any project. 

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)

* [Usage](#usage)

* [License](#license)

* [Contributing Guidelines](#contributing)

* [Testing Instructions](#tests)

* [Questions](#questions)

* [License](#license)




## Installation Instructions <a name="installation"></a>


Clone the github repository and use npm install package.json to install the necessary dependencies

## Usage Information <a name="usage"></a>


This project is free and open to use and modify for anyone that requires it

A video guide that explains the installation and usage can is provided below:

[![An embedded video that walks the user through the installation and usage of this package](http://img.youtube.com/vi/DhZHQYmI3Dk/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhZHQYmI3Dk "ReadMe Generator walkthrough")

## Constribution Guidelines <a name="contributing"></a>


Before contributing to this project, please contact me

## Testing Instructions <a name="tests"></a>


There are no testing protocols developed for this project yet
## Questions <a name="questions"></a>


My Github profile can be found [here](https://github.com/smg061). 


You can reach me at: max.go.95@gmail.com
## License <a name="license"></a>


 Copyright (C) 2020  smg061

        This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
        it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
        by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
        (at your option) any later version.
    
        This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
        but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
        MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
        GNU Affero General Public License for more details.
    
        You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
        along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
